[codemod] Add --jsx option to `v9.0.0/system-props` codemod (#48315)
mui-org/material-ui: packages/mui-codemod/README.md

+<Link href="#" sx={{ color: "text.secondary" }} />
```

You can also pass `--jsx` to specify JSX element names directly, bypassing import detection.

> This is useful for projects using auto-import plugins (for example `unplugin-auto-import`) where MUI components are available without explicit import statements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful for projects using auto-import plugins (for example `unplugin-auto-import`) where Material UI components are available without explicit import statements:
```
